Update: Internal implemenation of array.sort() (#13681)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/sort/index.md

// [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
```

The `sort` method implementation is not fixed. It will be wrong to assume that the `compareFunction` will be called `n` number of times ( where n is the length of array) and will compare the arguments in a specified sequence.

```js
const numbers = [25, 8, 7, 41]

numbers.sort(function(a,b){
    console.log(`compare: ${a} ${b}`)
    return a - b
})

> // compare: 8 25

Reviewer: I think we should add a sentence making it clear that this is a possible result (For example, Firefox is more performant than this).

Author: Are you saying that this can be one result among different possible results?

Reviewer: Exactly:
![Capture d’écran 2022-03-09 à 09 25 32](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1466293/157401860-4ab657da-726e-45f7-b04e-f38a8a69c616.png)

Author: Great. I'll update my content then

Author: I have updated the content

// compare: 25 7
// compare: 8 7
// compare; 25 41
// [7, 8, 25, 41]
```

> The above result is one of the possible result. You will get the above output on Mozilla, while Chrome and Edge will give different result. However, the final sorted array will be same on every browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above result is one of the possible results. You will get the above output on Firefox, while Chrome and Edge will give different results. However, the final sorted array will be the same on every browser.
```
